or not
and directly from Berlin sends us the
people from sony in mexico this is the
sony xperia z 3 and I know that you want
see all they have
and well this is going to be a box and very
fast because really what we
they sent the phone in the box
nothing else is for you to see as in the
box here is the team
this is the z3 the successor of the first z
one then the two z and now this one that is
let's say the premium line or the more
sophisticated of are and we will be by
parts things we're going to take away your
plastic to but here is the exact
removes plastics for people to put
nervous
now it is already started from here
no longer has a joke, it is not the same anymore
It is not like before and I go better list
it's in its first plastic and in the part
It also has a plastic
protector let's turn it on and well the
aspects are the characteristics of this
team is that of course it's lte's
last generation uses a nano sim yo
I thought it was the micro but it's not a
nano synths presented a few
days in Berlin is now available for
course all over the world and also in
mexico how much is 246 by 72 millimeters
by 7.3 weighs 152 grams is not very
livianito nor very heavy in matters of
that holds the water can be put
bathe with him or in the shower or
sheltered you want has the
ip68 certification if whoever does
Of course the dust holds the water and
you can put it up to half an hour a
depth meter
that's the ip68 specification there are other
more sophisticated there are others with less
resistance but good this if you endure
the water and how it holds the water has
all fractures
with few doors closures
they are precisely sealed and thus prevent
you get the water but you have the detail
than to charge it every night
you have to open the door and closing
with each other in this in this
meaning the screen is 5.2 inches in
here until here they are and still leaving he is
a chunk down and up
I do not want that in future models
these edges will be understanding to do more
smaller ones so that there
more screen space within the
computer 1920 x 1080 points with a
density of 424 dots per inch
quite high and good because it has the
luminous tree technology display and ex
reality engine all are features
that you have are and that you inherit it from
televisions and puts it on the screens
of cell phones and good what else has
you can put a microsd card
up to 128 gigabytes to increase the
RAM storage capacity is
with 3 gigs quite suitable for
load many programs
there are two versions 16 and 32 gb of
internal storage has good
All radios wifi bluetooth 4.0 nfc
has a microusb connector to be able
energize and also of course to
connect to computers is that you
Interested in commenting on the computer
battery 3100 milian pérez
I believe that it hardly gives for so many
points on screen and the size I think
that 3100 if he goes there fighting 10 12
hours of use you have to see the process is
a qualcomm snapdragon is quad core a
2.5 gigabytes comes with android by
course 4.4 point 4 with these are and the
series z I have a I have an issue that
I feel that it slips away, I do not know, it's the
material of course this one in particular
and well, it comes to replace the z 2 and
no doubt for all the people who
he loves this firm will be a product
very interesting there are three colors this
which is white there is a black one and a color
golden in case he wants to venture there
those grounds of the golden smartphones
camera or camera sensor
20 points 7 megapixels that's going to
let take pictures with 5248 for 3 thousand
936 pixels ie very large photos
to print in large format has
autofocus has a led flash so that
you can take pictures there if there is not much
natural lighting the front camera
2.2 megapixels this camera records 1080p
30 frames per second and the camera
Later record at 2,160 pe to 30 frames
per second is aggravated by 4k in case
you want there you already know how to make your
recordings or your first steps with this
matter here is the water not and then
what we are going to do is let's put it
to record a video to see if there is the
video recording there you can see that from
a few seconds without being so know and let's
to not serve they are exterminated closed all
the doors so there is no
problem let's put it here in water
he said well then let's put it down
Everywhere there is and continues to record
of course we are going to see right now
record the water
but the phone is still operating because
is made to hold up to one meter
of depth for 30 minutes
Thomas bubble baths not very long
but 30 minutes if he's going to pull and the
truth is that these teams are
designed I feel this protection
against water is why you drop it is not not
to use it under the tub or in other words
down the water but hey there is already
he's pretty good wet by all
let's take it out
Y
all the doors there is no problem
the phone keeps recording without major
problem and it's the sony xperia z 3 that
as it is ip68 also holds up a bit
blows so you can throw it away so you can say
if it is not more or less with caution because
it is possible that you because despite speaking
by phone and an airplane you see for
then the phone goes down there is no need to
invent new things not or a cocazo not
and football ended but it does not matter
grabs is gol
as was the lamb cap on children
paper
it is the sun and xperia z3 just
unpackaging berlin and it is
watching of course here in 10
We are checking the quality of the image
with our nieces the girls of
brain and a characteristic that has
phones that have two speakers and enters
in the field of large telephones
this is the microusb port here goes the
microstra oltra card we open for your